updated datepicker documentation (#1326)
iTwin/iTwinUI: apps/website/src/pages/docs/datepicker.mdx

<p>{frontmatter.description}</p>

> <Placeholder componentPageName='core-datepicker' />

Reviewer: Since this `Placeholder` was removed, the `Placeholder` import statement can also be removed

Author: removed

  <AllExamples.DatePickerMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

When a user needs to schedule deadlines, timeframes, or for age verification purposes, we provide them with a date picker. It behaves much like a select menu. We currently have three different types of date pickers.

## Variants

### Basic

The basic date picker allows the user to pick a date from the calendar and skip a month at a time.

<LiveExample src='DatePicker.basic.tsx' truncate={true}>
  <AllExamples.DatePickerBasicExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

> This allows the user to visually select the date rather than entering the date with a keyboard. This has the advantage of also showing weekdays, which may be important in a given context. The date picker is commonly used within column filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows the user to visually select the date rather than entering the date with a keyboard. This has the advantage of also showing weekdays, which may be important in a given context. The date picker is commonly used within column filters in Table.
```
Also make sure to link `Table` to the Table documentation. There's an example of how to do this in the Expandable Block documentation page

Author: done

Reviewer: Make sure it links to the Table documentation like so

```mdx
[Table](table)
```

Author: Fixed!

  <AllExamples.DatePickerWithTimeExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

And here is the variant that uses twelve-hour time with meridiem:

<LiveExample src='DatePicker.withcombinedtime.tsx' truncate={true}>
  <AllExamples.DatePickerWithCombinedTimeExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Date range

There may be some cases where you need to display a range of dates. When this occurs, the selection box spans the entirety of the date range.

<LiveExample src='DatePicker.daterange.tsx' truncate={true}>
  <AllExamples.DatePickerDateRangeExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Some dates disabled

You might also need to have certain dates disabled, in case the range of dates that can be selected for your purpose is limited.

<LiveExample src='DatePicker.datesdisabled.tsx' truncate={true}>
  <AllExamples.DatePickerDatesDisabledExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Year skipping

To improve user experience, date pickers support year skipping buttons. Clicking on the double chevron icon will move the calendar a full year forward or back.

<LiveExample src='DatePicker.withyear.tsx' truncate={true}>
  <AllExamples.DatePickerWithYearExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

## Usage

> A DatePicker can be featured on your page in multiple ways. One can be added directly to your page so that it is visible as soon as the page loads. Additionally, a DatePicker can be added to a menu button on your page so that the user can toggle its visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A date picker can be featured on your page in multiple ways. One can be added directly to your page so that it is visible as soon as the page loads. Additionally, a date picker can be added to a menu button on your page so that the user can toggle its visibility.
```

Author: done

## Props

> <PropsTable path={frontmatter.propsPath} />

Reviewer: There should be a Related Component section (see Expandable Block)

Author: added

When a user needs to schedule deadlines, timeframes, or for age verification purposes, we provide them with a date picker. It behaves much like a select menu. We currently have three different types of date pickers.

## Variants

### Basic

> The basic date picker consists of a default menu button from which an interactive calendar expands on click.

Reviewer 2: The example does not have menu button from which a calendar expands. Maybe just describe that basic DatePicker consists of month skipping and date picking.
Then you could add a "Usage" section at the bottom of docs page with information that users can add DatePickers to menu buttons or simply on the page.

Author: Edited the description & added usage section.

Reviewer 2: Add code example how to use DatePicker with menu button.

Author: Added!

> <LiveExample src='DatePicker.basic.tsx' truncate={false}>

Reviewer 2: `truncate={false}` means that the code takes full space it needs, we usually do that only on main example. Other code examples should be truncated.

Author: Fixed.

  <AllExamples.DatePickerBasicExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

This allows the user to visually select the date rather than entering the date with a keyboard. This has the advantage of also showing weekdays, which may be important in a given context. The date picker is commonly used within column filters.

### Localized

You are able to create a localized version of the date picker that uses local names for week days and months.

<LiveExample src='DatePicker.localized.tsx' truncate={false}>
  <AllExamples.DatePickerLocalizedExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Date + time selection

> If you need to include the time, there are multiple ways to do so. Below is the default variant, which uses twenty-four hour / military time.

Reviewer 2: Remove "military-time", I think 24-hour format is enough.

Author: Fixed.
